docs: adding lesson 3 (#8)
microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript: lessons/03-prompt-engineering/README.md

**Leonardo:** "Help me set it up!"

You work together, your hands moving with practiced precision. The Aerial Screw is a marvel of engineering, its wooden blades gleaming in the sunlight. You both climb onto the device, your heart pounding in your chest.

**Leonardo:** "Hold on tight!"

With a final push, the Aerial Screw begins to spin. The blades catch the air, and you feel a sudden lift. The ground falls away beneath you as the device takes off, soaring above the rooftops of Rome. The soldiers' shouts fade into the distance, and you feel a rush of exhilaration.

**You:** "We did it, Leonardo! We're flying!"

**Leonardo:** "Yes, but we need to find a safe place to land."

You look out over the city; the ancient buildings stretch out below you. The Aerial Screw glides smoothly through the air, and you feel a sense of awe at the sight. The sun sets on the horizon, casting a golden glow over Rome.

<div>
  <img src="./assets/airborne.png" alt="Airborne, looks down at the city with feet dangling" width="400">
</div>

*Taking off* 

## Talk to Sforza

If you want to talk to Sforza, run the app [Sforza](./characters/). 

> > NOTE: Remember to start a Codespaces and then run `npm install` followed by `npm start`. 

Author: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Start a [![GitHub Codespace](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Codespace-brightgreen)](https://codespaces.new/microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript), navigate to _lessons/03-prompt-engineering/characters_, and then run `npm install` followed by `npm start`. Once it appears, select the "Open in Browser" button.
```

# Lesson 3 Prompt Engineering

In this chapter you will learn:

- **Prompt engineering**, what it is and how knowing the basics of it can help you get better results. 
- **Prompt engineering techniques and strategies**. We will cover different prompt engineering techniques and how it can help provide better results for different scenarios. 
- **Meta prompts**, and how they will help restrict the output and ensure its accessible and provide a better user experience. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get started with this curriculum:

1. **Fork the Repository**: Select the _fork_ button in the upper right-hand corner of the repository or this link:
   [![Fork](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fork-Repository-blue)](https://github.com/microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript/fork)

2. **Clone the Repository**: Select the _clone_ button in the upper right-hand corner of the repository or this link:
   [![Clone](https://img.shields.io/badge/Clone-Repository-blue)](https://github.com/microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript.git)

3. **Open in GitHub Codespaces**: Starting this repository with GitHub Codespaces will enable you to run the same code as it uses [GitHub Models](https://docs.github.com/en/github-models).

    Click the button below to start a Codespace:
   [![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&ref=main&repo=832180352)

```
